Now, let's define an investment fund.
An investment fund is a collection of investor money that
a professional money manager allocates toward a portfolio of assets.
So, what's the benefit of investing in a portfolio of stocks?
Why not just pick your favorite 10 stocks and watch them grow?
Well, portfolio's benefit from diversification enable investors to get the same level of
return with lower risk or similarly more return for the same level of risk.
In effect, a portfolio let's you optimize your Sharpe ratio,
which is the measure of how much you're rewarded for buying
risky assets divided by the risk of that portfolio.
You'll learn more about the Sharpe ratio in a later lesson, but for now,
just remember that a smart combination of assets together can give
you better returns or less risk than a single stock can achieve.
You may notice that there are many mutual funds to choose from.
Each of these target a certain subset of assets,
have specific investment strategies and also aim for a certain level of risk.
Investors can choose different funds based on their level of risk tolerance,
the amount of fees charged by the fund and also based on the fund's past performance.